Why are you pulling my seals?
Hey, what's going on over there?
An outdated female star, I can pull it if I want
Isn't that an expired gift for a female star?
Hey, you are so shameless
You are so shameless
So shameless
Hurry up, hurry up
Hello, when will the liquidated damages go?
If we don't see the money again, we're going to sue you.
What's the matter, Miss?
Why? Why is there suddenly nothing left?
Character is drawn
No endorsements
Now you even have to pay a large amount of liquidated damages
Is it because I didn't win an award?
How could it be so sudden?
Could it be that Xue Zhilong did it?
Didn't he keep saying that without him there would be no Golden Dragon Award?
How dare he screw it up in public
The Golden Dragon Award has nothing to do with him
Yes, Xue Zhilong
I didn't expect the power behind him to be so powerful
Is it really like he said
He gave me all this.
Xue Zhilong, you treat me like this
Wang Tianwang Tianwang Tianwang, hug me, get out of here